README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://dbrowser.com"><img src="static/icons/icon.png" width="256"></a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <h1>dBrowser Desktop</h1>


dBrowser is a web browser for Web3, built on top of modern web technologies such as `Electron` and `React`.

</div>

# Contributing

If you have found any bugs or just want to see some new features in Wexond, feel free to open an issue. Every suggestion is very valuable for us, as they help us improve the browsing experience. Also, please don't hesitate to open a pull request. This is really important to us and for the further development of this project.

By opening a pull request, you agree to the conditions of the [Contributor License Agreement](cla.md).

# Development

## Running

Before running dBrowser, please ensure you have **latest** [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`Yarn`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#windows-stable) installed on your machine.

### Windows

Make sure you have build tools installed. You can install them by running this command as **administrator**:

```bash
$ npm i -g windows-build-tools
```

```bash
$ yarn # Install needed depedencies.
$ yarn rebuild # Rebuild native modules using Electron headers.
$ yarn dev # Run Wexond in development mode
```

### More commands

```bash
$ yarn compile-win32 # Package Wexond for Windows
$ yarn compile-linux # Package Wexond for Linux
$ yarn compile-darwin # Package Wexond for macOS
$ yarn lint # Runs linter
$ yarn lint-fix # Runs linter and automatically applies fixes
```

More commands can be found in [`package.json`](package.json).

# Documentation

Guides and the API reference are located in [`docs`](docs) directory.

# License

#### Every usage of this project resources (code, graphics etc.) must be consulted with its author (sentialx@gmail.com).

By sending a Pull Request, you agree that your code may be relicensed or sublicensed.

Commit message:

updated README and added LICENSE.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://dbrowser.com"><img src="static/icons/icon.png" width="256"></a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <h1>dBrowser Desktop</h1>


dBrowser is a web browser for Web3, built on top of modern web technologies such as `Electron` and `React`.

</div>

# Contributing

If you have found any bugs or just want to see some new features in dBrowser, feel free to open an issue. Every suggestion is very valuable for us, as they help us improve the browsing experience. Also, please don't hesitate to open a pull request. This is really important to us and for the further development of this project.

By opening a pull request, you agree to the conditions of the [Contributor License Agreement](cla.md).

# Development

## Running

Before running dBrowser, please ensure you have **latest** [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`Yarn`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/#windows-stable) installed on your machine.

### Windows

Make sure you have build tools installed. You can install them by running this command as **administrator**:

```bash
$ npm i -g windows-build-tools
```

```bash
$ yarn # Install needed depedencies.
$ yarn rebuild # Rebuild native modules using Electron headers.
$ yarn dev # Run dBrowser in development mode
```

### More commands

```bash
$ yarn compile-win32 # Package dBrowser for Windows
$ yarn compile-linux # Package dBrowser for Linux
$ yarn compile-darwin # Package dBrowser for macOS
$ yarn lint # Runs linter
$ yarn lint-fix # Runs linter and automatically applies fixes
```

More commands can be found in [`package.json`](package.json).

# Documentation

Guides and the API reference are located in [`docs`](docs) directory.
